So let's dive into the last feature set, the last set of options which is important and that is actions.
Actions takes an array where you can,
you guessed it, specify multiple actions and each action simply is a Javascript object.
Now here, actions and action object takes three properties.
The first one is action and allows you to basically give this action an ID,
you can pick whatever you want, it has to be a string
and here I could name this confirm. Actions are the buttons displayed next to your notification and as
before, you can't rely on the device showing these
or maybe the device only supports two actions
and if you specify three, the last one is cut off.
These should never be core features,
you can only rely on the user being able to tap on your main notification, actions might not be displayed
but you can add some extra sugary to your notification by adding some actions but always be prepared
that they might never get triggered,
just want to highlight this.
So we have an ID, the next is the title, that's the actual text which is displayed on the action,
so on this action button. The title can also be anything you want, here I'll name this OK
and again, this is what gets displayed.
The last thing is an icon and this again might not be supported by all devices but some devices can show
an icon. Now I'll take the camera icon here because it's the only one I have here, typically of course you might
want to pick a checkmark here for confirm or whatever you need.
Now I'll duplicate this to also have another action, I'll name this cancel and say cancel here too, use the
same icon because it doesn't really matter
and now I get two actions on this notification.
Let's have a look at how this looks like on my Mac.
If I go back to the application, to the application tab and clear my site data to start fresh, reload
everything,
let me now click enable notifications and now you see, on my other screen, here's the screenshot, that I have
a notification with actions.
Now I can click any of these actions and we can also listen to these clicks.
Now that is what I'll cover in the next lecture.